There'll always be the argument that video games are meant to be played for fun. Believe me, some of it's a lot of fun. Video games are meant to be played at home, relaxing on a couch amongst friends. And they are, and that's fun. But competitive gaming, when you wanna attach your name to a world record, when you want your name written into history, you have to pay the price.
Radiation could be precisely determined, in principle, if we knew the reflectance of mozzarella and the cardboard in the long-wavelength regions of interest. The process is clearly governed by the Stefan-Boltzmann fourth power radiation law. Here, the oregano and other trace materials sitting on the surface might be of some importance if they changed the surface radiance in any appreciable way.
There is no way that this winter is ever going to end as long as this groundhog keeps seeing his shadow. I don't see any other way out. He's got to be stopped. And I have to stop him.
'Cause what the world needs now is a new kind of tension 'cause the old one just bores me to death. 'Cause what the world needs now is another folk singer like I need a hole in my head.
Ever seen the size of one of their molars? They go through bone like it's butter. You gotta have a few pigs though, you need about sixteen. They will go through a body that weighs two hundred pounds in about eight minutes. That means that a single pig can consume two pounds of uncooked flesh every minute... Hence the expression "greedy as a pig."
Keying text quickly is important, but it is more important to be able to make it look professional. Presenting text is more than just placing one letter after another. Making the text readable involves positioning, style, and size.
Read the newspaper. What does it say? All bad. It's all bad. People have forgotten what life is all about. They've forgotten what it is to be alive. They need to be reminded. They need to be reminded of what they have and what they can lose. What I feel is the joy of life, the gift of life, the freedom of life, the wonderment of life!
